difference in this video.
We're going to see the different types off editors to write your python core,
right?
Let me start there.
We are different types off readers like,
ideally,
we A or we emitters not part are not perplex place by charms by the tidal sublime text year
tell'em and so many.
Right,
So it's here among all U R V i or V a embroider.
It is the common link areata on remaining All are idealists.
I'm in the Manola.
Do you areas like so this as an automation unit,
Right?
First of all,
you should be good with how to use either veet or we emeritus and you know,
by default,
right you won't get We are via maters on the war windows,
but anyway,
you'll get by default This a v a r were married us on your UNIX like systems,
right?
So I'm going to provide the link to install V.
I am on your Windows operating system on the bill off this video.
We just to go through that so that you can able to install V a murder for your Windows
operating systems right on anyway to install wi I am on your UNIX like systems.
Because by tea party will get v A Are on some,
like open door opening systems.
You will also get William right in.
Guess if you want to install Suppose on Lennox you r V am simply young install,
right?
You mean stone?
We am.
That's it.
Very simple,
right?
So based on ur UNIX like systems,
you have to run your command to install the AM anybody for you're going to get we ate.
That's fine.
No.
What is this ideal?
So they ideally means integrated development,
and Iran meant so he wants If he install your python on your windows operating systems by
before this idea,
we will be in store.
Just go to your stock after installing your python and see that there is a ideally called
by phone three years on 64 bit.
Right?
If you open that,
just go under.
So it is going toe weapon,
a python shell or bite uncommon line like so I'm going to start it very first time.
It will take some time,
so just wait.
It's opening.
You'll see here.
So these bite on shell gays Not only here,
if you open simply were window sternal on their If we enter,
simply piped on You are entering into your python,
colonel or potential or fight uncommonly.
Both are same.
So this is dif bite.
If all you're getting some fight on shell command line by opening your ideal eternal are
from your windows offering to stop me for type simply by item.
You are.
And bring into this one not only here,
even on your in expect system also from Cameron Line.
If you enter,
fight on,
then you will enter into your fight on shell or bite uncommonly.
So what is the purpose of this?
Nothing used their days.
Uh,
if you have a fight on program which consists off,
suppose some hundreds off lines,
maybe two lines also are maybe one line also each and every line individually,
you can exclude here one by one.
Okay,
that is about yourself.
Your by,
don't shell Now these aren't this one both darshan right now from here.
If you open simply if you take on file on click on new file,
it is going to create the editor like you're not so here.
He conveyed your python program and you can save it.
Let me write simply something called Fight on three dot Exe Let me say this accomplice.
So you have to say of somewhere I'm going to say we don't mind.
They stop simply the more not the way,
and then go to run.
Then one morning a lot that we can use the FAA also in your keyboard.
So this result you're getting on your work by torrential.
This is one way.
Or suppose if he how Evil v a mater from common line.
Also,
you can buy the fight on program like we am,
right?
Them or not,
B y right.
I'm opening that they would not be way file on there.
I'm going to write my python programs already.
Is there somewhere?
So three lines off court is there.
So let me run this so simply to run your fight on programs,
fight on space,
you're demoted or TV not to.
So if you have there,
I'm having three lines off court here.
Not these three lines off court.
I can run from my potential as well.
Let me take first line and copy and paste it on.
Excluded?
Yes,
you're getting or put no liquid egg.
Second line so initially,
in case if you want to practice line by line,
you can go on a weapon,
this potential and you can practice your core,
right?
So,
guys,
you can go with your ideally And from there you can go with the file on.
You can create a new fight,
Not this right.
You have this one bite on shell,
take your new file and it's like a note by,
But you can ride your program,
you can save it and you can done simply by pressing if I or by clicking on one model if I
one model.
Right?
So go,
guys,
My station is no need to use this one.
Don't use.
Ideally,
if you want,
you can use it.
But instead of that from your windows are planets orbiting system command line right,
creative file.
Just use were or were Meridor's are to enter in your potential.
Just type on your windows or UNIX like systems.
Simply python and you'll enter into your pipe on shell and there you can exclude your line
by line.
All right,
fine.
So they know we are working with Ideally,
we are William.
Anyway,
by tearfully how note Part or no pair place place.
You can write your program on the sale.
Your python program with an extinction off dot B Y on.
You can run your program by entering into your come online on bypassing fight on space
program Lee.
Anyway,
this is not so instability.
Right Then you can also use by tome,
Right?
Are spider are Prideaux atrium and sublime text.
Right.
So frustrating days Remember that as an order commissioning in it,
you should be good with either we a are we emitters,
Andi?
Because they're from command line.
Right then.
Second thing,
if you want to use it and use ideally as a guowei Rita But instead of that way practising
because in your real time you may or may not how this by charm or anyone off this do
waiters Definitely on or purposeless night.
But anyway,
in your real time,
right?
The is the johns to how as a NATO,
you know what real time on that.
So I just tried to you This were we am in case for your practice,
right?
You can use either by Tom or sublime text.
So in the next video,
I will show you how to install either by Tom are sublime text Right on for these guys.
If you want to use we a m editor on your Windows operating system by default,
you don't have.
So I'm going to push the length to install VM on your Windows operating system.
You just go through that link so that you can able to install where we am on your Windows
operating system.
Right?
Okay,
guys,
we'll see next with your whole being solved by jump or sublime text.
Thank you for watching this video.